---
layout: post
title: Pain & Sweet Rewards
---
>These are probably the most important steps in a creator's life.
>The first steps one takes in putting his energy into a creation.
>This is my beginning this is my creation.

<cite>Anonymous<cite>, Street wisdom
{: .small}

## The Path One Takes

Many *things* have lead me to come to this Path, & the first thing i would like
to do right now is to present something simple, a first step so to speak.

Maybe one day i will look down the line & find this little piece & look
back at myself with nostalgia, or maybe any other bag of emotions will be
leveled at my past self.

As i am twiddling now a simple object in my hands, a twenty sided dice made
of smooth and entrancing black and silvery resin, it speaks to me of this creation
i am in the process of bearing forth.

I chose a more poetic and picturesque prose for this piece, not because of design
or a desire to show off a stylistic talent, but because i feel that when one is
describing their principles and values through words, they must transmit the same
emotions from which they where built.

## The First Collections

My whole life i have been living & learning in my own bubble, often times
content with absorbing the experiences that were either presented to me
or otherwise fabricated by my own version of the scientific method with a
dash of madness.

Sometimes i was angry with the situation i was living in, & i let that fuel
bring me the energy i needed to change the situation i was in. This is usually
when i put on my mad scientist glasses on, & attack a problem with all the
resources that are at my disposal.

The approach that i use to attack a problem usually boil down to a few concepts.
These are some of the pillars that i have built myself upon, and by no means are
these exhaustive in there presentation. Here are but a few.

## Knowledge, Mastery & Control

>Knowledge is power & it can command obedience.

<cite>Imam-Ali<cite>, Saying 146
{: .small}

From all that i have observed in my experiences, a person that exhibits masterful
knowledge & control over a subject is bestowed with qualities that any person
would envy. Namely confidence, leadership, & serenity.

**Confidence** is at the top of this list in my opinion, regardless of wether or not
the person actually feels an absolute sense of confidence. The _gravitas_ of
a man who is aware of all the intricacies related to a subject of any worth is
quite poignant & oft times intimidating.

**Leadership** belongs somewhere on this trifecta of qualities presented here,
but the meaning implied here is not one of directing a group of people.
Leadership here is defined as being at the top of the class, _the King of the Hill_
so to speak. A man who exudes this quality of leadership creates & air about him.
Fear the the man who possesses leadership, for he is both dangerous & daft,
& the dominant & competitive spirit is always burning deep within him.

**Serenity** is probably the most coveted quality a person could ever hope to achieve.
When a man can display a sense of absolute calm in the face of chaos, it is to
be know that regardless if he may not be a leader in his demesne, or endowed
with great confidence, it is quite a terrible site to behold. That a person can
manipulate the resources available to him in the face of strenuous odds with a
steady hand & ice running in his veins is a sight to behold.

While i have been rather dramatic with the prose presented here. There is a
purpose. It is to paint a picture of an ideal situation, the weight of daily
life does imposes limitations on what it means to be masterful, knowledgable &
in control. Maybe we are fatigued, or life has dealt us an impossible hand from
which failure is night inevitable. Quite the worse of all would be those
conundrums in which regardless of the situation & our capacities to affect it
we are staring at failure straight into its deep & maddening eyes.

Limitations & failures are the constant flames in which a person of humble
beginnings crafts himself into something more.


<!---
## Iteration, Practice & Perfection
-->
