---
layout: post
title: 5 Day slump
image: images/redmountainsAr1.jpg
---
# Fun and Relaxed Days

Isn't it marvelous when you have a few days strung together where you get to feel like you are yourself again.

Yesterday for example was very cool, brought the girlfriend to work, slept pretty well, and decided to chill with a few people because my electricity was down.

It turned out to be a wonderful start to a nice week, and a really cool realization.

## Human Contact

Maybe for a lot of people this makes obvious sense, but for me this has always been a rather illusive situation. Being alone, is bad.

I love being alone, among my thoughts, there is a relaxing & soothing quality to letting the ether just run through your mind. I like that visualization.

But man is not designed to be alone, we thrive on the input of others, they give us new perspectives, new ways to interpret what is around ourselves. This is a good thing as well. It is the colorful contrast to the stark inner world that i create for myself. I used to fill it with brilliant and vivid science fiction or fantasy. Though now i seem to have lost the unitary focus that i once had, it is actually exhausting now to focus on one thing.

It is much more fun to bounce from one idea to the next when you are stuck. It creates that sensation of progress and achievement, when in reality little is getting done.

Still, it feels good to be around people, even though i am being busy trying to stay in my corner, my personality is still to abrasive most of the time.

## Side Effects

While human contact has certainly proven beneficial to me, it still instills a certain sense of dread. Today's world is a world where peace is more important than confrontation at all costs, skins are no longer thick and relationships are usually thinly veiled attempts at human interaction.

It's sad that only the privileged few are permitted to act upon their behaviors. The ones who are struggling to get ahead in life can not afford to risk someone with power exacting retribution.

I am a person that is privileged, i have been raised in a family that operates at a high social status. Etiquette and attitude are something that all must have to be accepted in my environment, as well as a certain concrete knowledge that everyone knows his place on the pyramid of success.

This knowledge of how people behave on the privilege spectrum is quite traumatic most often. You are stuck consistently deciding between two methods of operating with people, and it gets worse, every new social gathering presents a fresh chance to choose how to behave.

Behaving with attitude when one is in a position of privilege is much like defending an oasis in a desert. People look at your oasis either with envy or with disgust. Once they have seen the oasis, the person is sublimated from his humanity, and he becomes it's devilish guardian. Greedy and uncouth should he decide to refuse you access. With disdain or patronizing should one accidentally hurt someone's pride by offering the precious fruits of the oasis.

Rarely is a person of strong enough personality and eruditeness that he sees the work and toil that has passed into a person's little chunk of the world, or for any creation for that matter. Most often people degenerate to a more base state of mind, governed more by instinct than by reason.

This is where the crux of the problem lies, why do i as a person of reason, must suffer and dance around other's lacking gravitas, and suffer to be trapped in their judging stare who are lesser than me in regards to their covetous stares.


## Stalemate

"The only winning move is to not play", i have come to the realization, that regardless of what we do, we as humans are hardwired to judge, a survival instinct who's adaptation to a social medium is ill equipped to handle.

 Stalemate



 layout: "post"
 title: "test"
 date: "2017-06-16 22:21"


 lets see this.
